Now this course was about Node.
Now if we flip around those characters,
we actually arrive at a different technology, called Deno,
or also pronounced as Deno.
Apew, the creator of Deno, Deno, used both pronunciations.
He started with Deno, that was when I got into it.
So, well, I still am stuck to Deno,
but in newer videos, he used Deno.
I guess you can use either
of the two ways of pronouncing it.
And this module will be about that technology, Deno.
I'll introduce you to Deno, which is an alternative to Node.
Now, of course, there are many alternatives.
PHP, for example, would be one.
But Deno is an alternative to Node that was created
by the inventor of Node, and it's very similar to Node.
It also uses JavaScript, but there are some key differences.
Therefore, in this module, I'll introduce you to Deno.
I'll let you know what it is,
why it exists, and how it differs from Node.
I'll also show you that it is still quite similar to Node,
and how you can transfer your Node knowledge to Deno,
and, of course, in the end,
I will also answer the question
whether you want to do that.
Whether there is a real advantage
of switching from Node to Deno.